README.md, before:

# [Pluralsight] Become a Full-stack .NET Developer

https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/full-stack-dot-net-developer-fundamentals

## Table Of Contents

1. Course Overview
1. Course Introduction
1. Extracting Core Use Cases from Requirements
1. Planning the First Iteration
1. Building a Model Using Code-first Workflow
1. Building a Form with Bootstrap
1. Saving Data
1. Implementing Validation
1. Preventing Common Web Application Vulnerabilities
1. Moving Towards a Beautiful Design
1. Usability Best Practices
1. Extending ASP.NET Identity Users
1. Creating Beautiful and Precise Designs with CSS
1. Implementing a Use Case from Top to Bottom
1. Implementing Secondary Use Cases

## GigHub

### Description

GigHub is a mini social network that makes it really easy for live music lovers to track the gigs of their favorite artists.

Artists can sign up and list their gigs. When adding a gig, they should specify the date/time, location and genre of the gig.

An artist should have a page called My Upcoming Gigs. From there, they should be able to edit or remove an existing gig, or add another gig to the list.

Users should be able to view all upcoming gigs or search them by artist, genre or location. They should be able to view details of a gig and add it to their calendar.

Additionally, users should be able to follow their favorite artists. When they follow an artist, they should see the upcoming gigs of their favorite artists in the Gig Feed.

### Use Cases

#### Gigs

- Add a gig
- My upcoming gigs (for artist)
- Edit a gig
- Remove a gig
- View all upcoming gigs
- Search
- View gig details

#### Gig Calendar

- Add a gig to calendar
- Remove a gig from calendar
- View gigs I’m attending

#### Following

- Follow an artist
- Unfollow an artist
- Who I’m following
- Gig feed

Commit message:

Add information about Advanced Topics

README.md, after:

# [Pluralsight] Become a Full-stack .NET Developer

https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/full-stack-dot-net-developer-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/full-stack-dot-net-developer

## Table Of Contents

### Fundamentals 

1. Course Overview
1. Course Introduction
1. Extracting Core Use Cases from Requirements
1. Planning the First Iteration
1. Building a Model Using Code-first Workflow
1. Building a Form with Bootstrap
1. Saving Data
1. Implementing Validation
1. Preventing Common Web Application Vulnerabilities
1. Moving Towards a Beautiful Design
1. Usability Best Practices
1. Extending ASP.NET Identity Users
1. Creating Beautiful and Precise Designs with CSS
1. Implementing a Use Case from Top to Bottom
1. Implementing Secondary Use Cases

### Advanced Topics

1. Course Overview
1. Basic CRUD: Implementing the Read
1. Basic CRUD: Implementing the Update
1. Basic CRUD: Implementing the Delete
1. Avoiding Pitfalls in Domain Models
1. Refactoring Towards an Object-oriented Design
1. Mapping Domain Objects to DTOs
1. Working with Bootstrap Icons, Badges, and Popovers
1. Improving the Look and Feel
1. Handling Bootstrap Events
1. Implementing Searching

## GigHub

### Description

GigHub is a mini social network that makes it really easy for live music lovers to track the gigs of their favorite artists.

Artists can sign up and list their gigs. When adding a gig, they should specify the date/time, location and genre of the gig.

An artist should have a page called My Upcoming Gigs. From there, they should be able to edit or remove an existing gig, or add another gig to the list.

Users should be able to view all upcoming gigs or search them by artist, genre or location. They should be able to view details of a gig and add it to their calendar.

Additionally, users should be able to follow their favorite artists. When they follow an artist, they should see the upcoming gigs of their favorite artists in the Gig Feed.

### Use Cases

#### Gigs

- Add a gig
- My upcoming gigs (for artist)
- Edit a gig
- Remove a gig
- View all upcoming gigs
- Search
- View gig details

#### Gig Calendar

- Add a gig to calendar
- Remove a gig from calendar
- View gigs I’m attending

#### Following

- Follow an artist
- Unfollow an artist
- Who I’m following
- Gig feed
